JEFF: Coming up
on "Dance Moms Tell-All Reunion."
Chloe gets beat all the time.
You make sure of that.
Not by Kendall.
You can go ahead and lie about that,
but you know that wasn't the problem.
You know what? You don't want to go there.
It was disrespectful saying
she has to hide behind a mask.
I did not wanna see
my daughter humiliated.
I pay Abby to critique my child.
You act as though
this 90-pound weakling beat you up.
When you strike another person,
you have crossed the line.
It was a swat. I swatted you,
and it probably didn't even hurt.
- I'm finished.
- No, no, no.
- She's not-- No, no, no. No, no, no.
- Yeah, yep, yep, yep.
- She--
- She's threatened by me.
That's the end of that.
JEFF: After a wild season,
the Dance Moms tell all.
Nice job, Chloe!
CHRISTI: Come on, Chlo. We're done.
Get away from me!
You are a monstrosity of evil.
- [bleep] you.
Bitch, you don't want to go there with me.
I will show you--
Tonight, you guys have the chance
to set the record straight
on so many things.
- You were being a bitch, too.
- You know what?
- You don't want to go there.
- You make [bleep] up all the time.
I don't regret what I did.
Abby set your kid up.
[suspenseful music]
JEFF: Do you think you're
going to bring it tonight?
I might have left it at home.
Something tells me.
I felt it when I walked in.
- All right, don't take too long.
- HOLLY: OK.
- All right.
- I'll see you guys downstairs.
- See you soon.
- All right.
[THEME - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON
THE DANCE FLOOR"]
(SINGING) Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
[cheering]
Hi, I'm Jeff Collins.
Welcome to "Dance Moms Tell All."
[applause]
After a wild season,
the Dance Moms finally have their chance
to answer your questions.
We've seen Christi
and Kelly's relationship
explode right before our very eyes.
We're going to ask them about it.
And Melissa ran off and got married.
We didn't even get to bring our cameras.
So we're going
to find out the details from her.
Plus, your favorites and mine, the girls
are here to perform
Abby's favorite dances.
But right now,
let's start with a woman
who had a lot to say this season.
Take a look at this.
Chloe was awful today!
You pick on the children!
- 'Cause you're an idiot!
- Happy?
Go to hell! Don't talk to--
- Thank you.
- --another woman like that.
Thank you.
I don't talk to my wife like that
because my wife wouldn't
talk to children like that.
Come on, big boy!
You were all mouth before!
It's time to not be dancing anymore.
I've had it. I'm finished.
Let's welcome Abby Lee Miller.
[upbeat music]
OK.
You're here.
- You look fantastic.
- Thank you, sir.
- You're holding up.
- Thank you.
How are you? How are you feeling?
I'm good.
I have some amazing opportunities
that have just come my way recently.
You just got a chance
to co-host "The View."
- I did.
- You held your own.
You didn't look like
you were nervous at all.
You looked like you just walked in
and were like, I'm here.
I sell people dreams
every single day
- at my studio.
- JEFF: Well--
I can handle it.
You have had a lot
to deal with this year.
- Yes.
- You had a dance dad yell at you.
No, I was verbally assaulted.
- OK.
- Let's get it straight.
You had difficulties
with both Christi and with Cathy.
And something that I can certainly--
No, I did not have difficulties
with Cathy.
I was physically assaulted by Cathy.
Oh, my gosh.
We're definitely getting right to it.
So look, I want to play the name game.
Do you know how the name game works?
Like Bo-banna?
No, not like that.
I'm gonna say someone's name.
- And-- and I want--
- Right.
--you to say the first thing
that pops into your head
- when I say this person's name.
- OK.
All right, so let's go. You ready?
Kelly.
- Foolish.
- Christi.
Evil.
Melissa.
ABBY LEE: Sly like a Fox.
OK.
Chloe's hat.
Death.
- Apple Core.
- Plagiarism.
Cathy's purse.
Heavy, sharp, hurtful, bludgeoning.
Look, we're on a sofa.
It's like a talk show.
All right, give me one word
to describe Abby.
- Mean.
- Thank you.
- Aw. You stole mine.
- You.
- CHRISTI: All right.
- I have one.
- Vindictive.
- All right.
So, Abby, let's talk
about Melissa for a second.
So Melissa had a season
where it seemed like a lot of the time,
she was siding with the moms.
So how did that make you feel,
when you felt like maybe a little bit
of her loyalty was in question?
Well, I think she's respectful to me.
And I think she knows
that I have Maddie and Mackenzie's
best interests at heart.
She knows that.
She's not stupid.
However, I just think
she figured, you know what?
I'm going to go with it.
I'm going to be part of this "clique."
I'm going to be with the moms,
and I'm going to fit in.
And if my kid doesn't win, it's OK,
'cause Maddie's still great,
and it'll be fine.
- Well--
- And how did that make you feel?
Disappointed.
Disappointed that
you would put your own relationships
before your child's success.
Let's get her out here,
because I want to find out
about this wedding, too.
- [gasps]
- How about--
The wedding I wasn't invited to?
Well, or me either.
Guys, please welcome Melissa.
[cheering]
[upbeat music]
Have a seat.
- How are you?
- Great.
- Thank you. How are you.
- It's really good to see you.
- Thank you.
- So the thing that's on everyone's mind
is we want to hear about the wedding.
Let the audience see the ring.
Show the ring.
It was beautiful. It was actually--
- JEFF: Wow.
- --really sweet. Greg cried.
Can you guys see the rock?
[audience ooh-ing]
Why was the wedding such a secret?
It wasn't a secret.
Every mom knew before the day came.
Greg did not want to do it
on national TV, unfortunately.
I tried my best to get it on TV,
- and he would not do it.
- But you're marrying this man. You--
- MELISSA: Yeah, but--
- What you say goes.
- [laughs]
- But his-- It does go.
Because, can I tell you,
he does everything
that I ask him to do and more.
- Well, not on national television.
- [laughter]
All right.
So who has a question for Melissa?
- Hi, Melissa. I am also a dance mom.
- Hi.
I wanted to ask you, you had mentioned
that you had found the perfect dress
to the other moms.
Did you end up buying it?
I did not.
I wanted to, but it was kind of stupid
to wear it in my living room.
However, I did buy a dress
at the same store.
That's your next wedding, Melissa.
That'll be the next wedding.
[laughter]
Who else has got a question for Melissa?
How did you siding with the other moms
affect your relationship with Abby?
It was really tough.
It was very strained.
I lost a lot of sleep
because my children come first to me
and always will.
All right, so who else has a question?
One more.
Now that Maddie is back on top,
how do the other moms feel about you now?
Nobody gives a [bleep]
that Maddie's on the top.
JILL: Maddie was never not--
- Exactly.
- JILL: --on top.
Are you kidding me?
That was never an issue. That was, like--
- KELLY: No.
- --never a real--
- she was never really on the bottom--
- JILL: No. She was never, never--
- --on the outs.
- --not on top.
- KELLY: (LAUGHING) Exactly.
- Like, really?
You know, Maddie is Abby's favorite,
and it's clear.
I mean, she shows it.
It's not about a favorite.
It's about on time,
prepared, hair is up in a bun,
ready to perform,
in peak physical condition.
They all have the ability
to be the favorite.
I don't see them stepping up to the plate.
So Abby, let's switch gears for a second
and talk about Holly.
Holly, I believe,
called you a monstrosity of evil.
- Was that her choice of words?
- Yes.
I respect Holly.
I think she was wrong in saying that.
It was a rough day.
It was a rough weekend.
Where are you with Holly right now?
I'm OK with Holly.
You're always critical
about what Holly wears.
What is it about Holly's clothes--
Well, I costume dancers.
And I think you should costume
to show off your assets
and hide your flaws.
- OK.
- She doesn't do that.
Show off your decollete.
Show off your beautiful broad shoulders.
Show off that gorgeous face.
Don't show off the cankles.
Come on.
- JEFF: Well--
- Hide those.
So let's bring out Holly.
[cheering]
[upbeat music]
Oh, she looks gorgeous.
Hi.
Look at that tiny waist.
- JEFF: Wow.
- She has a little waist.
Shoulders--
- Wow, you do look amazing.
- HOLLY: Thank you.
So did you take Abby's advice?
As much as I wanted to resist Abby
and her passion tidbits
and advice,
there were good constructive criticism
I was able to apply.
And I do think of some things
that she says
when I'm outfitting myself.
So, Holly, on this season,
you had some very strong words
that you used, which is a
little uncharacteristic for you.
You called Abby a monstrosity of evil.
But at least it was a good tagline.
[laughs]
- It took some thought.
- [laughter]
- Take us back.
- This was at a competition.
We were in Detroit.
Nia was battling
some issues related to pain.
And Abby did not understand
Nia's condition.
And what I took from her comments
was that she was belittling it,
or she di-- because she didn't
understand it,
she wasn't taking it seriously.
- And that's--
- JEFF: Were you being insensitive?
That was it.
My point is I have to deal with the kids.
I know when a kid is in pain.
I can hear a bone break three rooms away.
- Mm-hmm.
- So I was just like, you know what?
Either she's dancing or she's not.
And if you're in pain,
but it's not real pain,
and you're not going
to get further injured from it,
then don't tell me you're in pain.
Just deal with it.
Let's hear
what the audience has to ask you.
Who's got a question?
Hi, Holly.
You had said that Nia's pain disorder
is caused by stress.
- HOLLY: Mm-hmm.
- So do you really think
that it's the best environment
for her to be dancing as a hobby?
You know, it's--
that's an excellent question.
And I think throughout the season,
that's the question
I get the most from people.
She's going to have to learn
how to deal with stress in life.
And if I take away dance,
I'm taking away a part of who she is,
- and that's a punishment.
- Amen, sister.
I don't want her to-- to punish her.
I don't want to--
- JEFF: I think that's great.
- --punish Nia.
No, I think that's--
I think that's really smart.
And I don't want her to be defined
by this. She is a survivor.
And I want her to know that
you're not limited by this.
- You can overcome this.
- MELISSA: She's a tough cookie.
She is a tough cookie.
Who else has a question for Holly?
Hello.
So you always ask Nia how her pain
is on a scale of one to ten.
So on a scale of one to ten,
how much pain does Abby cause you?
[laughter]
I love that.
It can vary by the day.
It's funny, our relationship can go
to zero to sixty in a heartbeat.
Like if something happens, that's
when we get to the nine, ten,
and I'm using the monstrosity
of evil comments.
Well, if that's a nine, ten,
then that's manageable.
I really didn't even know
what she was saying.
I was like--
- What the heck is a--
- Yeah, I don't--
I don't Abby really got
what I was talking about.
Was that a compliment? Or was that a--
- You're like, but it was smart.
- ABBY: Yeah, well--
Whatever it was, it was really smart.
- I had to look it up. OK, go.
- She knew it was an insult.
She was like,
I think that might be an insult.
[cheering]
[MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON
THE DANCE FLOOR"]
(SINGING) Living on the dance floor.
Year after year, her kid won a title.
Now, she [bleep] all over that title.
Chloe was awful today!
She cheats.
She fakes it.
- You pick on the children!
- 'Cause you're an idiot!
I hope Nia doesn't wear that hat,
because I already lost
one friendship over a hat.
You lost a friendship
because you told me to go [bleep] myself.
- KELLY: I coach--
- Are you kidding me?
I did nothing wrong!
CHRISTI: I had the worst week.
When you weren't here,
I was sticking up for you
- with pyramid and everything else!
- But you should have called me!
All I know
is when Kelly has had bad times,
I've been the first one
to stick up for her.
[bleep] you.
JEFF: Before we get back to the moms,
let's check out a performance
from one of the girls.
Taking the stage now
is the oldest member of the Abby Lee
Dance Company performing
"The Animals Know."
Please welcome Brooke.
[cheering]
[MUSIC - CHIARA ANGELICOLA, "THE
ANIMALS KNOW"]
(SINGING) There's a hole
in my heart that's telling me,
a hole in my heart that's telling me
it's filled with broken promises.
The animals know
when to run from the fire.
And it hasn't even started.
The heart don't know.
No, the heart
don't know
when to stop...
[applause]
Brooke, that was absolutely amazing.
So Abby, we have a lot of people
here who are fans,
and they have questions for you.
So you ready?
- Certainly.
- All right.
Let's take some questions
from the audience for Abby.
Hi, Abby.
I'm a dance dad, and I have
two daughters who love everything
about your show.
During this season,
you said that Kelly isn't very bright.
Do you really feel this way?
Yes, absolutely.
I feel that Kelly is a beautiful girl
and had an amazing future ahead of her
and kind of threw it away.
Is this beat-up-Kelly day?
Kelly wants to have fun.
And that's her MO--
fun, fun, fun, fun, fun.
And she's raising her kids
that it's just all about fun.
Things are different now.
Life is way more competitive
than when she was a kid.
So your kid can't always be having fun.
Sometimes they have
to buckle down and do the work.
Wish me luck, ladies.
- Go get them, Kel.
- Good luck.
All right.
She's known Abby the longest.
Please say hello to Kelly.
[upbeat music]
[cheering]
Hi, Kelly.
- Hello.
- JEFF: Good to see you.
- Thank you.
- You look fabulous--
- tan and everything.
- Yes.
That happens in LA.
[laughs]
So listen, at the beginning of the season,
when you decided to go back
to the Abby Lee Dance Company,
you felt that Paige and Brooke
had a hard time getting back
into Abby's good graces.
So was that hard to watch?
Absolutely.
But, you know, I mean,
I think every mom wants their kids
to be a favorite
or wants them to be treated well.
And my goal for this season
was to bring my kids back,
because that's what they ask me to do.
So I brought them back.
But it's really been difficult for me,
because I don't agree
with a lot of the things
that Abby says or does.
And I have been trying
to keep myself quiet.
But for some reason,
my kids are always still
- at the bottom of that pyramid.
- Well, but she-- you know what?
Paige is doing better.
So Kelly, listen, the audience is here.
You know how this works.
So who has the first question for Kelly?
- Hi, Kelly.
- Hi.
We've never seen you
and Christi fight like that.
And Christi said that you never called
while she was on suspension.
How do you feel about that?
I see Christi and the other moms
more than I see my husband.
So obviously, we're going to fight.
I don't know why Christi
said I didn't call her.
Three times, I called Christi.
She did not call me three times.
HOLLY: She did. She called you--
She did. I was there.
--upstairs on the bus.
- She called you more than once.
- Mm-hmm
I know in my heart
that I called her, and I did.
But who cares? That's like seventh grade.
- I did, you know?
- Who cares?
And she kept making comments, well,
if I didn't answer the phone, then
you should have came to my house.
And I agree with that.
I'm not in high school anymore.
I'm not going to drive to your house
if you're not gonna answer my phone call.
If you don't wanna talk to me,
then don't talk to me.
But you guys really went at it.
So let's bring Christi out
and see what she has to say.
Please welcome Christi.
[upbeat music]
[cheering]
Hi, Christi.
- Hi, Jeff.
- JEFF: Welcome.
- Have a seat.
- Hello.
- Thank you.
- You look fantastic.
Oh, thank you.
Let's get right to it.
You said that Kelly never called you.
Kelly and I talk probably
three and four times a day,
and she didn't call for a few days.
And there was a lot going on
with Chloe's hat,
and there was a lot of emotions
running high.
And when Kelly had gone through
those things with her girls,
I was always her biggest cheerleader.
And when am I never there for Chloe?
No, I didn't say that.
I said that you didn't call me
for a few days,
- and that's very honest.
- Christi, you know what?
You don't want to go there.
- But, Kelly, it's the truth.
- You don't want to go there.
- It's the truth.
- No, it is not the truth.
- Well--
- Why would you say that
you're my kid's biggest advocate
and I wasn't?
Because any time-- and you can ask
Abby, who can't stand either one of us,
who was sticking up for your kid.
No. I knew that Abby was gonna come in
and take things out on Chloe.
Abby's emotions
were running high that day
because Cathy was there.
- And she--
- And so were yours.
OK?
And that's why
when I said something about--
- CHRISTI: Kelly--
- --about the hat being dropped--
CHRISTI: Oh, my God.
KELLY: --you flipped on me.
- I did not. I just said--
- KELLY: Yes, you did!
--stop bringing it up.
You don't think
that Abby noticed that that hat fell?
No. But I know
that I protect you and your kid.
The whole entire audience did.
That wasn't the problem, Kelly.
- And you know what-- No, it wasn't.
- KELLY: Oh, yes, it was.
Yes, it was.
Well, I think part of the problem
was the whole turn section
at the beginning
was screwed up by Chloe.
- And let's talk about--
- KELLY: [inaudible]
--our Kendall beating Chloe, too.
Chloe gets beat all the time.
You make sure of that.
I'm used to that.
It had nothing to do with it.
Not by Kendall.
Why are you so smug about it, Abby?
- Do you really want to see your--
- I'm not.
Because that's why you were angry.
That's why you were agitated.
That's not why I was angry.
I don't feel that I was wrong.
I wanted to leave.
'Cause, frankly, I was sick
of Chloe being treated the way
that Abby treats her.
Because she came back
with a vengeance this year
because she hates me.
OK, I'm finished.
No, no, no. She's not--
- Yeah, yep, yep, yep.
- No, no, no. She--
[gasping]
I did not say anything wrong.
[suspenseful music]
Yo, blondie!
How belittling can you get
to not even say someone's name?
- MOM 1: Where's Jill?
- MOM 2: Having a private with Kendall.
Hey.
Guess you didn't expect
to see me out here, huh?
How about Kendall?
She couldn't even place.
- This needs to stop.
- Don't say anything about my child.
- Bring it on, bitch.
- Get away from me.
She came back with a vengeance
because she hates me.
- OK, I'm finished.
- No, no, no. She's--
- Yeah, yep, yep, yep.
- No, no, no. No, no, no. She--
[dramatic music]
So, Christi, why do you feel as though--
- Because it's obvious.
- --as though Abby's tough on Chloe?
- I mean--
- No, it's not tough on her.
There's a difference
between being tough and being cruel.
It's not a big issue.
Your kid got beat.
She can't dance anymore,
and you can't handle it.
Go to Girl Scouts.
Who says to a person, blondie, girl, you?
I mean, that's very demeaning to a child.
You don't want me to say stupid anymore?
I looked up dim, dim-witted, half-wit.
I got lots of words.
My students learn from their mistakes.
She has not learned anything.
So Kelly, would you--
I mean, knowing Christi
as well as you know her,
when you could see
that she was really upset,
more than she's ever been upset before,
like, wh--
The whole fight started becau--
I mean, her whole leaving started
- because I said something about--
- No, it wasn't.
- --Chloe dropping her hat.
- No, Kelly.
That wasn't it.
You said that, and I snapped at you,
but that wasn't the reason.
The reason was Abby
was gonna come in there and attack Chloe.
Abby comes in and attacks my kids
- every time they do a dance.
- Yeah.
And so then you should understand
- where I was coming from.
- Exactly. I did understand.
That's why I called you.
You can sit here and lie,
but we talk every day.
And you waited for days.
Well, clear-- clearly, the two of you,
you haven't completely
patched this up yet.
I'm actually a little surprised
that it came out
and it was such a big thing,
because I feel like we've moved past it.
- But maybe Kelly hasn't.
- All right.
You want to take a question
from the audience?
- CHRISTI: Sure.
- All right.
So who's got a question for Christi?
Yeah.
- Hi, Christi.
- Hi.
I was wondering
whether you thought it was possible
for Chloe to have the type
of relationship with Abby
that Abby has with Maddie.
Oh, never.
Abby will never treat Chloe like that.
She likes Maddie, she doesn't like Chloe,
bottom of the line.
But do you really think
that has to do with Chloe?
Or does it have more to do
with your relationship?
She doesn't like me,
and she doesn't care for my daughter.
If I liked somebody,
I wouldn't be calling them
a sneak, a snake, a liar.
She clearly doesn't like Chloe,
and I don't think there's anything
that Chloe or I can do
that will ever ensure that Abby
will have a good relationship with her.
JEFF: You got so mad and punched a camera.
I didn't punch a camera.
I pushed the camera away from me.
- JEFF: So you pushed a camera?
- Yes.
Do you feel like you overreacted now,
- looking back on that?
- Certainly.
I-- I don't normally push cameramen
in my day-to-day life.
But, you know,
your natural instinct as a mother
is to protect your child.
And at that point,
I just wanted to be left alone.
I wanted to get in the cab.
I wanted to go home,
back to my normal life,
and remove myself from this.
And I came back this season
trying not to fight with Abby
so she would treat my kids better,
and she still doesn't treat them better.
Why do you think that is?
Do you think
it's because she has an issue
with the way you parent your kids--
- Yes.
- JEFF: --as it pertains to dance?
Yes, I do.
She just doesn't flat-out like me.
She feels that I am a threat to her
because I don't back down
and bow down to her like Melissa does.
Um, Abby is a dance teacher.
She provides a service.
And she does that service,
but she has no right
to dictate the rest of our lives.
Let's switch gears for a second
and talk about Jill.
How have you guys seen Jill,
like, change in the time
that you've known her?
She got rid of her 900 voice.
And the poof, the poof is gone.
She got rid of the poof.
Uh, you know what?
I like Jill.
I know sometimes
Jill can be a little shrill,
but I think she's funny. I me--
Oh, you just like Jill because you like
to make fun of her outfits.
CHRISTI: Oh, my God.
Jill gives me banter for days.
- She showed up one time--
- KELLY: She has a get-up.
- She comes in.
- --dressed like Puss in Boots, OK?
- Yeah.
- Let's see what she's dressed like today.
Please welcome Jill.
Jill?
- [upbeat music]
- [cheering]
This is all I got today.
CHRISTI: Good.
No cowboy hat, no Muppets.
She's showing a little leg, though.
Jill's got a good set of legs
that she likes to show.
- OK. OK, boobs and boobs.
- I was being nice.
I said you have good legs.
So, Jill, this season,
fans saw you scream.
They saw you storm out.
They saw you throw water on Cathy.
Looking back on all those moments,
what was the thing
that made you the angriest?
I think Cathy really made me angry.
And the funny thing
is she continues to make me angry.
More angry than Abby when--
- She does.
- --she gets on Kendall?
Because I pay Abby to critique my child.
Cathy gets under your skin, big time.
- Cathy gets under my skin.
- JEFF: She does.
I don't think she has the right
to say the things that she says.
Well, she clearly knows
how to push your buttons,
without a doubt. All right.
So Jill, do you want
to take some questions
- from the audience?
- JILL: I will, yeah.
Because they have a ton of questions.
- JILL: Yeah.
- Who's got a question for Jill?
Hi, Jill. You hired
your own costume designer for Kendall
this season, and you got new head shots.
Why is that so important to you?
Well, it's my business
to make sure that she is the best
she can be.
So I will do whatever
it takes for my daughter
to feel good about herself
and to get her the best that I can.
Who else has a question for Jill?
My question is
why did you think that you had
to hide the private lessons?
OK, it really
wasn't even a private lesson.
Gianna had walked by.
And I said, can you look at her number?
And can you help her out?
But I think what our problem was,
it was a duet.
And when you do a duet,
it's all about doing it together.
- And she went--
- Absolutely.
--and had the private
lesson out in the hallway
and didn't think to call Nia in.
- Is that true?
- Um, that's true.
I didn't invite Nia.
I didn't see it as a private lesson
because what she was doing didn't really
pertain to the choreography of the duet.
Unfortunately, Holly took offense to it.
And I would never offend
another child or a mom on purpose.
I guess I would think twice about having
her work on something in a duet
without the other child, but--
But you didn't think twice.
Because we confronted you
about it at the studio.
And then two days later,
you did it at the competition.
Yeah, but it wasn't--
we're going to have to agree to disagree.
- It was not a private lesson.
- KELLY: There's a lot of that going on.
That's her job to do that.
It's not my job to run in
and say, "Wait, you can't help her
until I get all the other kids out here.
- You have to help everybody." No.
- Yeah.
This is another one of those
- we're never going to agree about that.
- JILL: No.
- JEFF: So let's just move on.
- We are not.
Aren't you glad you asked?
[laughter]
All right. Right now, we've got
another incredible performance.
Here's Chloe with a number
called "What About Mother."
[applause]
[MUSIC - CLAIRE HAYEK,
"WHAT ABOUT (MOTHER)"]
(SINGING) Mother.
Tell me, mother,
how to silence my mind.
Show me.
Show me, mother,
how to follow the signs.
'Cause you see right through me,
and you can heal my pain.
What about the air we breathe,
all the pain we feel?
What about you and me?
What about, what about,
what about the green and the blue,
all that we've been through?
What about you and me?
What about, what about,
what about, what about, what about,
what about--
[cheering]
[music playing]
(SINGING) Living on the dance floor.
Whoa.
This-- this isn't the music.
The girls wanted
to do a tribute to you for Baby.
So they wanted to surprise you.
That's not what I want.
She didn't want the tribute
from the whole group.
She wanted nothing about it.
When it's from Maddie, she cries.
I'm gonna take Mackenzie
to the hospital.
- What do you mean, the hospital?
- Her foot is killing her.
Hey.
Excuse me for just a moment.
- Hi.
- Don't touch me.
You looked like you were,
you know, about to hit the wings,
so you-- it showed on your face.
You're not her dance teacher,
so don't give her critiques.
I'm not her dance teacher,
but those knees were bent,
and she missed many a steps.
KELLY: You shouldn't talk about kids.
That's rude.
[cheering]
(SINGING) Living on the dance floor.
Before we hear
what all the moms really want to say,
let's see a solo performance from Maddie.
Here she is with a number
called "Breaking Down Walls."
[cheering]
[MUSIC - CHIARA ANGELICOLA, "BERLIN"]
(SINGING) If miles were only
those of ants and months
could tick like seconds,
it wouldn't be that easy for me.
You wouldn't feel the rapture.
You wouldn't hear the battles.
That's why I'm leaving.
I'm leaving.
Yes, I'm leaving Berlin.
Whoa, yes.
I'm leaving.
Yes, I'm leaving.
Yes, I'm leaving Berlin.
[cheering]
That was beautiful, Maddie.
Thank you.
All right, I'm joined
by all the moms here on stage.
So, ladies, it's been a wild, wild season.
- JILL: Yeah.
- [laughs]
Kelly, when we were out here
before with you and Christi
and we were having
the conversation about did she,
did she not call you,
you said that you wanted
to set the record straight.
I went to her house
right after I took the girls to school,
and it was 8:30 in the morning.
She called her from her house,
and I watched her.
- Yeah.
- That's a lie, and you know it.
There was something going on that week,
and you were pissed off,
and you didn't call me.
So you can sit here and try
to be the bigger person on television--
Let me just say that
the phone goes both ways, sister.
Yes, but I was having a bad time.
And whenever you're having problems,
I call you.
- Yeah, and I call you, too.
- I was having problems with all of this--
- And you can ask every one--
- --and you didn't call.
--of these women, that entire week,
- did I not stick up for her--
- CHRISTI: I know.
- KELLY: --every single time? Great.
- You're great, and I'm wrong.
But you know what?
You were being a bitch, too.
- [gasping]
- OK, but I called you.
So by the time there was a phone call,
you were both pissed?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Well, let's find out
what the audience has to ask.
Who's got a question for the ladies?
My question is for Melissa.
Can you tell us
how Broadway Baby's death affected you
and why it was so important to you
to dedicate Maddie's solo to him?
Well, I babysat Baby several times.
And I was close to her dog.
I think I'm a big dog lover,
and you can ask any of them.
Yeah. But remember,
we weren't allowed to dedicate--
- Yeah.
- --the group number.
- I think it was--
- JILL: We weren't allowed to touch that.
We all have regrets,
and that was something
that I do regret doing.
And I think it was pretty stupid
on my part that I did that.
- Well, that's fair.
- MELISSA: I do-- I do.
I'm going to give her that, yeah.
Who else has an audience question?
Kelly and Christi,
were you hurt that you weren't invited
to Melissa's wedding?
No. I'm not surprised that I wasn't
invited to Melissa's wedding. Were you?
I thought it was strange
that we're together 24 hours a day.
- I mean--
- For sure.
--I just thought it was weird
that we weren't included in the wedding.
But guess what? I'm very happily married,
and I didn't have a big wedding.
- I know, but that's what--
- MELISSA: It's not--
I didn't do anything
behind anybody's back.
JILL: --a wedding is.
I'm having a party,
and everyone's invited to that.
All right. Let's take another question
from the audience.
Who has a question for one of the ladies?
Hi. Mackenzie never danced
because she was injured.
And then she went on
to dance on "The View."
How do you all feel about that?
Well, I'll speak up, because I--
I was-- I spoke up
for Melissa at "The View."
Mackenzie's been a part of this team.
She-- She was on the award-winning team
that won Nationals.
It was only right for her
to dance at "The View."
I don't think
it was ever a question of Macken--
if it was right for Mackenzie
to dance on "The View."
I think the problem was Melissa
herself made a huge deal
about Mackenzie's foot injury.
Mackenzie may never dance again.
- She's gonna have to live with this--
- I never said that.
I mean, does everyone remember
her saying that?
- I--
- Thank you.
- She said--
- It came across that way.
- CHRISTI: She may never be able--
- OK, but I never said, "Oh, my God,
she's never gonna dance again.
You're the one
who made the big deal of it.
You took her to all these doctors.
She showed up in an Aircast
when she was to dance against Asia.
That was before Asia.
I'm sorry.
Her foot was hurting
weeks before Asia came.
I think what everyone's problem was
is that you made such a big deal
out of the foot.
And then all of a sudden,
it was miraculously healed.
- It was like whoopee, healed.
- MELISSA: She didn't--
- It's "The View."
- MELISSA: --dance on her foot.
- Her foot is better.
- Oh, my God.
You make [bleep] up all the time.
[crowd murmuring]
I've got a question.
Who wants to talk about Cathy?
Not me.
- [groaning]
- Nah.
So Jill, you had the biggest fight
of the season
- with Cathy this year.
- I think Cathy was very disrespectful.
I don't regret what I did.
I think I had every right
to be angry at her,
and I'm still angry at her.
She never apologized.
She runs her mouth
and says things she shouldn't say--
Oh, oh.
- I run my mouth and you don't?
- --about children.
Say it to my face.
- Say it to me.
- You know-- [scoffs]
- She's saying it behind my back.
- Well, Jill, she's here.
She's the leader of the Candy Apples
and the Apple Cores.
Please welcome Cathy.
[upbeat music]
[cheering]
I got a question for you. It seems
like when we were watching this season,
that your relationship
with Jill and with Abby
has really escalated.
It's taken a nosedive.
I think that Abby
is just about to implode.
She's totally ignoring me now.
She won't even say my name, exc--
- Oh, you're like Chloe.
- Yeah, you're right.
She doesn't know
how to say Chloe's name either.
The only time that she does
say my name, I understand,
is when she's holding her meet and greets
and she wants to tell people
that I don't have a dance studio,
that I'm a terrible dance teacher
and this, that, and the other.
But really, in the grand scheme
of those-- those comments,
she's giving me publicity.
So I do need to thank her.
So as long as she keeps talking about me,
I know that she's threatened by me.
But that's why she doesn't say your name.
I don't think she's threatened by you.
She's threatened
by the team that I've put together.
And I'm not doing
anything differently than she is.
Jill, I got a question for you.
Before Cathy came out here,
you said you were still
very upset with her.
I think it's disrespectful
to talk about a child.
OK. I have every right
as a dance teacher to critique.
If I were talking about Kendall,
saying, "Oh, that kid is so ugly
and I can't stand that kid,
she's a brat",
but what was said
- was all constructive critiquing.
- JILL: No.
- It really wasn't.
- CATHY: What was it that I said?
It was disrespectful and rude
saying she has to hide behind a mask.
And you know you said it to be--
CATHY: But--
- --to get me going.
But you know-- JILL: And you did, so--
- But you know what, Jill?
- --you win.
Ultimately, I have the right to say that.
OK. So what-- what's your excuse
for doing it to Paige?
I did not do that to Paige.
Abby set your kid up.
And you need to know that, Kelly.
And I 100% agree.
You were clear down on the other end.
- You didn't even hear--
- Yeah, but I heard.
- CATHY: --that Anthony--
- We heard everything that was said.
She didn't hear.
She wasn't even near.
Let's do this. Let's find out
who has a question for-- for Cathy.
Cathy, what do you think about Jill?
For one, I think she's a studio-hopper.
And I had several students
who were on my team
last year that left,
and Jill has tried to befriend them
and sidle up to them for information.
Let me jump in right here, ladies.
I wanna thank you so much.
So, ladies, next up,
with an acrobatic, lyrical solo
entitled "Cathedral," it's Nia.
[cheering]
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Nia!
[MUSIC - DEBBIE NEIGHER, "CATHEDRAL"]
(SINGING) I look
through a stained glass window
from inside a sinking cathedral.
So I climbed a stony steeple
till the water climbed up
to my leg.
I look through a high-rise window
from inside your Brooklyn bedroom.
We lay there
till we could not distinguish music
of the crickets from the birds.
[applause]
(SINGING) Living on the dance floor.
You don't see big ole Abby
coming in style this way.
Oh, did you come in the big,
crappy bus from Pittsburgh?
- Cathy, go to hell!
- Oh--
I feel the earth move under my feet.
Ba, ba, ba, boom.
Ba, ba, ba boom.
Shut your mouth!
- I-- Woo!
- JILL: Shut your mouth!
- ABBY: I didn't mean to do that.
- I didn't mean to do that either.
[dramatic music]
JILL: Get out!
CATHY: Oh, my god. You are such--
JILL: You're gonna
hit me with your purse?
--a [bleep] bitch.
That woman just hit me.
Go ahead.
Water doesn't hurt me.
Grow up!
CATHY: You grow up!
[cheering]
[music playing]
(SINGING) Living on the dance floor.
As you can see, Abby's returned.
So look, I want to get right to it.
Last season, the biggest,
most explosive moment
the fans saw
was an altercation between you and Cathy
that got physical, let's say.
Cathy, when you look back at that footage
and you see yourself
hitting Abby with a purse,
what do you think?
First of all, I don't consider that a hit.
It was a swat.
And the purse was this big.
It was a little patent leather purse.
And I'm sure that Abby's flu shot
hurt a heck of a lot worse
than the little swat.
And what do you think?
Oh, before she comments, I wanna add
that the reason that happened
- was because she threw water on me.
- Is that true?
You did throw water on her.
No, I did not throw water on her.
If I would have thrown water on her,
I would have hit her right in the face.
OK, so the sprinkler system
was going off.
- And no, I took--
- CATHY: Was that it was?
I took a bottle of water
that I had been drinking earlier.
And I said, "Let's see if she melts--"
- No, that's not how it went.
- --as in the Wicked Witch.
And the force of the water
inside the bottle
shoved the cap off the bottle.
You clearly hear me apologize
immediately and say, I'm sorry.
- Oh, no.
-I did not mean that to happen
You-- you did not apologize.
And then this psychotic
goes off and smacks me
- in the back with a pocketbook.
- Swat.
I swatted you. And it probably--
- Doesn't matter.
- --didn't even hurt.
When you strike another person--
- It probably didn't even hurt.
- --you have crossed the line.
- Well, then you shouldn't--
- End.
--throw water at people,
whether you want to play around
and say that you wanna see if the Wicked
Witch is going to melt or not.
So if you would have never done that,
none of this would have happened.
And I would not have to talk
to the back of your head all the time.
Melissa took pictures of my bruises.
Oh, you hardly had bruises.
You act as though
this 90-pound weakling beat you up.
Cathy, then you came swinging at me.
After you poured-- listen--
- It doesn't matter.
- CATHY: Oh, it does--
- You don't hit.
- CATHY: --matter. You poured water on me!
You beat up Abby!
When did you become her bodyguard?
You should have just sat down and let Abby
and I finalize what was going on.
You did not need to get involved.
Well, I think we can all agree
that hitting and throwing water,
those things probably
shouldn't happen in the future.
- Yes.
All right.
Let's see what the audience has to say.
Hi.
My question's for Abby.
So, Abby, in Detroit,
you told Cathy to go to hell.
I was just wondering
if you've ever said anything
- that you regret in front of the kids.
- No.
- Oh.
- On any normal given day,
I don't normally swear.
But because I showed up in a limo
and she was upset and jealous
and rattled, she had to swear.
I have-- a driver picked me up
in every single airport
for every promotion I do for "Dance Moms."
That's not a big deal.
Then start taking your team that way,
instead of-- instead of making them
go by themselves.
I don't need to take my team that way.
Why? Why can't you do something nice
for them once in a while?
Yeah. But you came out,
and you wanted to rub it
in all of our faces.
- CATHY: Well, does she not--
- I do not solicit students.
Does she not-- neither do I.
Do you know something I don't know?
How do I solicit those students?
I know that every single one of those boys
would rather be dancing for me.
Oh, I don't think so, Abby.
Let's take another question
from the audience.
Who's got a question
for one of the ladies?
Have any of you ever heard
Abby say I'm sorry?
- Oh, no.
- No.
- She apologized to Cathy--
- Oh, she apologized to-- yeah.
- She said to that Cathy.
- --from throwing water on her.
- But--
- MELISSA: Yes.
--I don't-- I don't know
about to the children.
Well, listen. Thank you, ladies.
It's time for the last
number of the night.
Now this performance
was really controversial.
I did this piece 12 years ago.
And it was in the headlines then,
and it's still happening.
If these kids can do a routine
and get a message
across to an audience, it's worth doing.
Let's take a look at the kids
doing this number called "Runaways."
[applause]
[MUSIC - DAVID O'DOWDA, "ALL ALONE"]
Thanks, girls.
That was amazing.
What a great job.
And thank you, Abby.
Thank you to the moms and Cathy.
Join us next time for Part 2
of our reunion special.
- Thanks for watching, and goodnight.
- (COMBINED) Goodnight.
[MUSIC - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON
THE DANCE FLOOR"]
(SINGING) My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
JEFF: Next time on "Dance Moms Tell All."
ABBY: There was a lot of jealousy.
They've been
running off customers for years.
I'm not here to make friends.
I was dropping Christi
as a friend for you.
Why are they crying?
If they're going to cry,
they're not gonna make it
in the world of dance.
I don't want her
to have these experiences.
I don't want people
to think that it's all about
the screaming and yelling.
Where were you guys three years ago?
Crap like you
should be shoved down a toilet.
We beat you.
So that's how crappy I am.
Look at your poor,
pathetic mother over there.
Did you just call my mother pathetic?
I don't care.
She's nothing to me, and neither are you.
[dramatic music]